hey what's up guys it is mo welcome back
once again today we have another episode
of horse with j-rod 1 2 3 99 it's gonna
be our second episode the first one
sadly yes sadly i did lose the challenge
was a little bit hard but so right now i
have an HJ rod has nothing if you
haven't watched this video go check it
out on this channel guys but my
challenge today is to do a raid with
half archers half barbarians so we have
100 and 100 I can use my barbarian King
I am NOT allowed to use my clan castle
or any spells and I have two three-star
a town hall 7 so yep we are going to
start looking for one and let's see what
we can do I don't really want to take
this one on because I think this might
be a little difficult so i'll be back
with you guys in just a second when we
find a base that I actually think we can
take over with this army calm because
this is going to be hard this is a lot
of melee troops and the fact that
timeless islands have three mortars
means that I I really have to play this
perfectly so I'll be back in a second I
see you guys all right guys so I think
this is going to be the base um he does
have like all of his defenses up so
nothing is under construction so this
could be a little bit challenging it's
definitely going to be challenging this
is not as easy as it looks especially
with all of these mortars so we're going
to go ahead and
gosh I just need to figure out where I'm
going to attack from i might just attack
from i'm gonna drop my barb gosh i'm
gonna just try and break through these
walls right here real quick go ahead and
drop my barbarian king up here actually
as well i'm gonna start picking off some
of these buildings i'm going to try and
distract with some of these barbarians
and see if I can't take out this wizard
tower really really quick as well as
this cannon because they have got to go
can it come on there's no way that that
wizard tower is alive right now it's
such a load alright so my barbarian King
is already dead this is awesome yeah
this I don't know why I keep picking why
I keep accepting things that are
literally like impossible I don't want
to just go after basis that suck like I
wanted to be interesting for you guys I
don't just want to pick a stupid base
has been like completely rushed because
it's not going to be any fun for anybody
so guys seriously come up with some kind
of army composition that actually might
happen because all of these are just
like ridiculous is absolutely no way I
don't might sound like I'm complaining
but go and try and go and try and do
some of these things especially with no
no spells no plan castle anything like
that like spells are the thing that
pretty much makes this this makes this
came possible in so many scenarios so
yeah this is about to be another loss at
forty-nine percent like I couldn't even
get a hundred or I couldn't even get
there I just got fifty percent and do I
have where the heck of my other trips
are just two more troops up there so
we're just gonna go in this battle um
wow just miss so hey great guys awesome
there's another loss for us yeah it's
pretty cool huh this is turning out to
be an awesome series you guys are really
coming up with some gray died
yes guys do some cool raids like comment
on on Jay rods videos too I don't know
do like an all Pekka raid with rage
spells and just annihilate somebody
don't I don't know whatever so we lost
once again I'm a ho right now h/o were 0
and 2 so yay um but hey whatever that's
all part of it guys I hope you are
enjoying this series that's pretty cool
doing this is with j-rod after we're
done doing it with j-rod we're gonna try
and find some other youtubers to do it
with us so I think that'll be really
cool but we still have our s + E to get
so hopefully hopefully I can make that
happen where um where we win the next
one I'm gonna start being a little more
strict about the challenges that I
accept because that's two in a row that
we're pretty rough um so yeah as always
guys thank you for watching I hope that
you enjoy this series this is a
interactive series so we do what you
guys tell us to so go ahead keep
believing those comments guys like the
videos if you're new to the channel
thank you so much for visiting subscribe
if you haven't yet i post videos quite
frequently and as always thank you so
much for watching I really do appreciate
it you guys are awesome you're so much
cooler than me why don't you make sure
that you keep combed and clash on for me
right I'll see you guys later